
# Pronoun strings

Current plan is to modify battle messages to use these whenever the name of a battler isn't directly buffered to a `STR_VAR`, e.g. "MISDREAVUS hurt herself in her confusion" rather than "MISDREAVUS hurt itself in its confusion." This should help these messages feel just a bit more personal.

Naming convention is <code>sPronounString_<var>Type</var>_<var>Form</var></code>. Use `GetPronounString` to pull the appropriate string constant given a pronoun type and form.

Current types:

* `Fem`
* `Masc`
* `It` (neuter/inanimate)
* `They` (epicene)

Current forms:

* `Subject` (she/he/they)
* `Object` (she/him/them)
* `Possessive` (her/his/their, e.g. "her friend")
* `PossessiveInd` (hers/his/their, e.g. "a friend of hers")
* `Reflexive` (herself/himself/themselves)
* `SubjectIs` (she's/he's/they're)

## TODO

* Pokemon are still called "it" regardless of their gender when, upon being obtained, they're sent to the PC. This occurs for both catching Pokemon and receiving them as gifts. The problem is that the structure of the gift scripts is such that we have no easy way to e.g. buffer the appropriate pronoun of the Pokemon generated by `givemon`.
* Contest move results still refer to Pokemon as "it" regardless of their gender.
* `gText_PkmnHoldingItemCantHoldMail`
* `gText_PkmnCuredOfPoison`
* `gText_PkmnCuredOfParalysis`
* `gText_PkmnSnappedOutOfConfusion`
* `gText_PkmnGotOverInfatuation`
* To facilitate the above, some means for scripts to buffer the pronoun type of some relevant entity, and then some string format code which takes the buffered pronoun type and prints a pronoun given a form constant.
  * The `pronoun_macros.h` header exists for use by scripts. However, I don't want to `#include` it in `event_scripts.inc` and thereby force every script in the game to recompile. It can be `#include`d from specific scripts as needed.